okay so I've been using the iPhone 11
Pro for four or five days at this point
and the early reviews are very accurate
the camera on this phone is shockingly
good it's weird that they went from the
10s camera to this like the jump in both
like low-light photography regular
photography it's a very big gap and it's
just it's a testament as to how good
their software team is the computational
kind of photography that's going on in
here is amazing I'm not gonna say that
they're the first people to do it like
clearly Google has been using nitesite
and all the other companies like Samsung
Huawei they've been shooting great
low-light photography for a year or
maybe more at this point but the 11pro
does it in an incredibly intuitive way
like I would actually consider this to
be the best camera on the market right
now when it comes to just overall
software hardware and just ease of use
like the simplicity of this camera
system is really one of its best
features for the average person I gave
this phone to my mom she was able to
shoot low-light photos without any kind
of menu navigation the camera is so good
and also like how they use the different
lenses in the live preview like you can
actually see the other focal lengths
like this picture here is gonna be taken
with the regular lens but you can see in
the kind of the shaded area that's being
stitched in from the wider lens it's
actually really cool so the camera
system on the iPhone 11 Pro is bangin
and the software and this whole device
just feels so fluid and just so well
done in fact that you can run it on the
iPhone se like a three and a half year
old phone at this point it's awesome but
the hardware on this phone still feels
so lackluster
for 2019 and people are gonna be like
Dave you're just such an apple hater
it's not about that like clearly I like
the camera it's a winner but the overall
package just isn't doing it for me
I like their phones it's just when you
have access to stuff like ninety Hertz
screens and just Universal charging it's
hard to appreciate what this phone
offers for a thousand dollars despite
the class-leading camera now the thing
that sucks about this whole thing is
that I feel like Apple purposely does
this see we're in year three of Apple's
three-year product cycle they do this
with their phones now and they currently
do this with their laptops it seems
where they bring out a new model on the
first year they kind of tweak it on the
second year
and then they tweak it again in the
third year so this third year which is
we're in right now the third year of
this kind of notched iPhone shape it's
the hardest year for Apple to market a
product right like the device has been
out for three years it doesn't look
particularly fresh and new so they got
to do some stuff to push these devices a
little bit more aggressively but good
computational photography isn't new it's
just new to the iPhone and when I say
feel like they do it on purpose
it says that you know Apple is a
trillion dollar company if they want to
they could implement all this stuff in
just one year they could have like great
computational photography and high
refresh OLED screens and USBC charging
and you know have a smaller notch they
could do all of this in one year in this
like super phone they'd sell a ton of
those super phones for that one year but
then no one would buy iPhones for
several years so that's why they do this
to keep people coming back for more
iPhones every year it's great money so
we know that next year's supposed to be
Hardware redesigned with new screen
sizes the potential of us pc charging
faster screens smaller notches like the
whole iPhone family is supposed to be
redesigned next year see for me as much
as I like this camera and as much as I
like this phone it actually surprised me
like I feel like it did a really good
job in what they delivered for a third
year product I'm still gonna wait like
as much as I like this camera it's not
enough for me to switch over to this
because I know that if I buy this phone
I hold on for like three four years I'm
using lightning ports again for another
three or four years after that I'm just
gonna keep up with the SE as my Apple
phone if ever need to use one like I
actually had to use this phone recently
to record my kid when he's first learn
how to ride his bike and he also found
some caterpillar that he really want
photos and videos of and the image
quality on this stuff is mediocre at
best but I caught the memory and that's
really the most important thing when it
comes to at least most photography that
I'm doing sometimes camera upgrades are
awesome and the iPhone 12 this year is
like it really is something special but
see the hardware still feels a little
too stale for me I'm gonna wait for the
iPhone 12 because I know that one's
gonna be awesome okay hope you guys
enjoyed this video thumbs be liked it
subs would be love to see you guys next
time